[Style guide] Grammar and Formatting (#9263)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/style-guide/grammar-and-formatting/structure/sentence-structure.md

---
pcx_content_type: Concept
title: Sentence Structure
---

## Sentence Structure

Fifteen words or fewer is a good rule of thumb for readability. You can use the [Hemingway App](https://hemingwayapp.com/) to check length and reading level. Break up longer or difficult-to-read sentences into shorter chunks.

> In the UI, keep only what is necessary to convey the message. For example, complete sentences and certain words ("the," for example) are not always necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Cloudflare dashboard, keep only what is necessary to convey the message. For example, complete sentences and certain words ("the," for example) are not always necessary.
```
